all right check it out guys it's trevor
james we're in kuala lumpur malaysia
and i am so pumped because we have been
indoors for a few months now
we can finally come out and we're going
to be bringing you for a full-on
street food adventure let's go check it
out guys
this is it kuala lumpur malaysia
my favorite food city in the world and
it feels so good to be back eating
and today we're going to be bringing you
in for three incredible malaysian foods
that you're gonna love including going
into the factory of perhaps the most
famous burger restaurant in malaysia to
see the whole process
of how they make the salted egg yolk
sauce for their super delicious
salted egg crispy chicken burger you're
gonna get hungry
let's eat okay guys before we get into
this big
street food adventure i want to give a
big thank you to our long-term partner
expressvpn expressvpn is an app
on your phone and computer that lets you
have security and bypass content
restrictions
wherever you are in the world so look at
this it's got locations all over the
world and once you connect
it's like you're in that country so you
can access netflix and different shows
different content restrictions
all around the world because certain
providers like netflix and other apps
they only allow local people from those
countries to access specific content
check this out so here's los angeles i
am connecting and now i'm connected so i
can access content just like i'm in los
angeles just the other day
there was that drama about the royals
and i couldn't see what it was about
so i downloaded the cbs app and then
look at this
i could have i watched that oprah
interview with the royals which
i couldn't help i was curious what they
were saying so
it's really cool it's a great app and
right now they're offering 49
off to all food ranger viewers and three
months free if you click the link in the
description below
go check it out guys and let's go eat
okay guys and first up we're making our
way
to a local hawker center these are so
famous in malaysia
little corner lots full of street stalls
all selling
a specialty and right here on the corner
there's lim lao band
he's a master of the chokwe tao and he
dances while he cooks
let's go try it out guys love anyhow
hello wow
oh it's been a long time look at this
guys
okay
this is going to be good guys oil's
going in
oh what up we're getting extra jash yeah
we're getting extra prawns
hi and then here comes the la zhao zhang
little chili
little garlic and then look he's going
to grab a bunch of koitao from the top
rice noodle into the wok this is a
malaysian specialty
it's been a long time since i've eaten
one because we've been inside little soy
a little bit of la zhao a little bit of
dark
dark soy sauce and then here's jidan
boom a little bit of green onion
wow and then there's the bean sprouts
going right in look at that
and that's gonna have that incredible
aroma of the high heat
la chang chinese sausage oh and then
here's the crispy pork lard wow he just
threw it in so fast
tacos the sea ham
wow it's so aromatic and smoky
he's got the dance going on and here it
is look at that
oh that's incredible
wow love bands can't you lie tai ho
chillah
oh and she like how trita and that's our
egg gonna go right on our chocolate chow
there it is look at that wow
and here it is guys look at that
incredible it's gonna be the first bite
of outside
food and look we've got a sunny side up
fried egg in there
he really loads up the chinese sausage
we got extra shrimp oh my we got pork
crackling
and that egg looks like it's got that
rich smoky
water let's try it out
there's no noodle like that in the whole
world only in malaysia
you get a chocolate cow that aromatic
that flavorful
slightly smoky it's almost gooey
with that fried egg oh my goodness
it is just so delicious fried smoky
noodles with the gooey egg the shrimp
the
chinese sausage which is a little sweet
and this one i think this one has an
extra aroma to it and then the fresh
bean sprouts on top
give it this burst of freshness
and you can just feel the energy here
tables are busy
and it's really nice to see business
coming back and people working and
the walks on fire again it's been a long
time and this is like
coming back to life
oh it's not taking our money
no no please thank you boss we're so
lucky today
he's not taking our money either he's
just incredible we're trying to pay even
off the camera he's not taking it i
think we might need to
hide it in there somewhere but
incredible food
that's just like a warm hug of flavor
let's keep going guys and next up we're
bringing you for the ultimate malaysian
dessert
triple combo let's go
awesome guys and next up before making
our way for an
insane burger we just made our way to a
local neighborhood and
we are stopping at a little stall here
that specializes in malaysian shaved ice
desserts they've got ice kachang look at
this abc zap
mixed shaved ice with gula melaka and
we're going to get a couple versions and
it's just right in here
pandora desserts take a look at this
guys oh
and this is where it starts the ice okay
and here we go this is the first one
utah
which is taro and you can see this giant
brick of ice
just gets shaved and i'm really excited
to try
because it's been a long time look how
she just compacts the ice here
and then look at all of these toppings
here to go on to the desserts that we're
about to have
so there's sago jelly pandan hongdoo
red bean herbal jelly nutati de coco so
that is mango flavored jelly
and then corn and then huashan peanut
oh and then this is the soul of malaysia
gula melaka palm sugar
oh and this is evaporated
coconut milk coconut milk santan oh and
then here's the sauce
look at all that she's just soaking it
and then this
is yumi so it's got corn
peanuts that looks amazing and that's
first the evaporated milk
and then coconut milk that's syrup
that is yuto which is taro and then
this is pandan jelly sako jelly yes wow
that is amazing and lavan is giving us a
special surprise now a mango dessert
there's so many varieties
that's the evaporated milk and then here
comes oh jacob
oh jelly and then herbal jelly oh and
then here's the mango
wow look at that oh and then there's
some
pearls seigo jelly laven
wow and look at that guys that's the
first tower and look at how they just
load up with the sago jelly
and the pandan jelly let's try this
first
that taro has a sweet yam like flavor to
it
that ice is super fluffy and powdery and
then this is actually not too sweet
it's just like a refreshing yam like
almost like a sweet potato fluffy
iced dessert
after all these months indoors this is a
true joy to come out and look at this
this is kind of like one of the two most
famous desserts here
from malaysia we've got abc and then
we've also got cendol
look at how that goula melaka almost
makes the outside
crispy or crunchy it's got this outer
layer
of the ice that you have to break
through here we go
oh la banyan here is just adding more
gula melaka
on for us wow it's a
total volcano and i really enjoyed that
first bite
because it's nutty from peanuts and the
corn also gives it sweetness as well
this is why it's called abc it's got red
bean it's got this
dark herbal jelly and it's full of
ingredients
oh they just gave us another one look at
that
fresh mango it's got that sago jelly
also full of ice and evaporated milk
[Music]
fruity oh super soft oh loving
not taking the money i feel so guilty
you
oh my that's the sugar heaven so
delicious
okay and we are gonna go get a crazy
delicious burger now guys let's go
and next up guys we're gonna be bringing
you to one of the most famous
burger restaurants in all of malaysia i
love these burgers i had them a lot
during the lockdown and today we just
got invited
into the factory to see how their salted
egg sauce is made
and then we're gonna go to one of their
stores and try it out
first up is the factory let's go okay we
just got into the factory guys
we're gonna be watching the making of
these famous black charcoal buns and
then
we're gonna go take a look at the making
of the famous salted
egg sauce classic malaysian sauce here
at my burger lab and let's go take a
look okay and this is to make the famous
charcoal buns
so we got flour and then a little yeast
and there's the brown sugar
and the charcoal so they're actually
using charcoal in the bun
nice so we've got individual big
mounds of this charcoal burger dough and
then look it gets pressed
it's gonna go in this machine
[Music]
circular disk of charcoal bandeau
and then out come the buns
look at that it's magic so then after
the buns come out they get individually
portioned into
60 grams per bun put on the tray here
proofed and then baked how many buns do
you make per day
2 000 wow okay and here comes the buns
[Music]
they look so fluffy like marshmallows
okay and this is it we are here to watch
how the salted egg sauce is made
and these are all the ingredients look
at this so we've got salted egg
ginger garlic and then we've got curry
leaves and chili patty mixed with salt
and brown sugar
and then this big pot of milk is gonna
go in as well
okay and this is gonna be where it's
made
wow and here we go it's starting now
all the margin going in into this giant
fire x
look at that and it's warming it up
melting the butter
and spinning oh it's so satisfying to
watch look at that margarine melting
okay and here's the salted egg oh my
wow that is so beautiful
and this here is the reason why burgers
in malaysia are some of the best in the
world because you've got
classic burgers with asian flavor we've
got salted egg
we've got chili we've got curry leaves
going in and just look at that
creamy just warm soothing
happy blend we've got here okay and here
we go next
we've got the garlic going in okay and
next is ginger
right wow garlic ginger salted egg
okay and this is the chili patty next
whoa
and next we've got the curry leaves
wow what a mixture of cultures
what do you think ting hungry yeah looks
awesome
okay and then here comes the brown sugar
and
salt look at that oh that's gonna
sweeten it up a little
oh and here comes the milk look at this
whoa that's gonna make it creamy
so that's it finished now now one more
hour mixing okay next up is the chicken
marination let's take a look lemongrass
lime leaves
garlic fish sauce it's all in there pure
aromas of malaysia
boughs it up yeah and then this is for
our sealing
okay so we've seen it all now guys we've
seen the salted egg sauce
we've seen how the charcoal buns are
made now we've seen how the chicken is
marinated
we're gonna make our way to the shop and
eat one of these burgers thank you
oh yes it's gonna be good thanks so much
burger lab
[Applause]
hi how are you good how are you and here
we are guys
my burger lab we're gonna try out that
salted egg burger
hi how are you how's it going hey sam
how you doing
i'm doing good awesome good can i please
have one
beautiful mess that's the cheddar beef
patty right
and then one salted egg yolk burger
that we just saw in the factory there
wow
and we just got invited in thanks sam
let's go take a look at how it's done
here we are guys look at this massive
line hello
and here we go guys this is the
beginning and you can see they just take
those marinated chicken thighs
put them in this spiced flour and then
they go right into the oil
and there it is guys look at that that's
a full fryer
of malaysian spiced chicken thighs
looks good looks amazing look at how
crispy they're getting here
that is so aromatic
and what a fry station this is look at
that we got
chicken and fries oh my goodness
so now the cars are done guys are done
wow
look at this guys thighs are done oh my
goodness look at that
they're still sizzling and here's the
burger station
let's watch the beautiful mess here we
go
oh and then the beef patties are just
getting pressed
and we're gonna get a double beef patty
beautiful mess it's gonna have a lot of
cheese
and a lot of toppings let's watch the
full process
so we got a bunch of different types
being made
clothes okay and here they are
ready for flipping wow here we go
incredible you guys are busy
talk about a lot of burgers regularly a
lot of burgers
oh and then the cover and the cheese is
gonna melt oh
and there they are look at the cheese
melted the burgers are seared
you can see they're like caramelized
over and look at all that cheese
and there they are look at those smell
fantastic 70 of the cheese on the meat
and 30
off so you've got a little bit of that
crispiness right
oh and here's the egg station and look
at the way these eggs are made they're
perfectly
cracked right over top and then watch
this they're
sort of pushed in and made into a circle
nice oh and here's the buns these are
the charcoal buns we just saw
so you toast them right in there
toasting they're gonna get nice and
crispy
okay and then look at this here is the
bun lineup they're making a ton of
salted egg burgers today
and that's the oven roasted cherry
tomato going right on top so we got
lettuce we got the charcoal bun
and then cherry tomato oh and then this
is curry mayo
yeah wow oh and this is the salted egg
that's the salted egg that's what we
just saw look at that
right from the factory look at that
that smells amazing and then here's the
chicken look at this
chicken going right on wow
oh my goodness this is just amazing
double layer
salted egg sauce and there it is and
there they are finished we're gonna get
one of these but with double
chicken patties okay and here's our two
burgers so we've got
oven roasted tomatoes lettuce we've got
mayo and mustard and then
oh and here's the curry curry mayo oh
and here's our beef patties look at that
we're getting a double patty right on
top
oh my goodness it's got that 30
skirt of cheese oh and then what are
these
fried portobello strips oh and then the
egg on top
honey mustard wow it's extreme
and then that's gonna get served and
then here's that salted egg sauce
going right on and this is why i love
burgers in malaysia and in particular
here at my burger lab because there's a
mixture of cultures
and flavors we've got malaysian
spices and flavors and wow salted egg
sauce look at that and we're getting a
double patty
this is crazy look at this gobble
layer and then here's the fries
oh and then the signature red sauce
thank you very much enjoy okay look at
that extreme
height of that beef cheddar patty you
can see the jiggly
gooey egg in there and then look at that
salted egg
fried spicy chicken wow ultraman
inspired burger
let's go try them out wow
this is a life-changing experience let's
go guys
and you just gotta get a close-up look
on this look at that honey mustard that
gooey perfectly fried egg
portobello mushrooms wow and then double
patty
cheddar seared perfectly it's going to
have that caramelization
and the cheddar is 30 on the outside so
you got a bit of that skirt
and then 70 on the inside perfectly
melted and gooey
and then this is what we came for this
is the malaysian fusion
of flavors yes look at that
full of curry leaves chili happy milk
it's got that
classic malaysian salted egg oh look at
how messy that is
wow look at that let's try it out
[Music]
that salted egg is unlike anything in
the world it is so creamy
you can taste the curry and the spice
and it's crispy and soft at the same
time
this is some of the best burgers you'll
ever eat in the entire world
you can't get this anywhere else let's
go in for this incredible
look at the egg yolk did you see that
the skirt on there
is dripping with egg yolk
[Music]
oh it's so juicy oh my goodness the sear
on that beef patty is like caramelized
perfectly and then that crispy
cheese skirt and then the gooey egg yolk
that is a juicy juicy crispy satisfying
burger
i don't know which one i like more but
they're both just
the diet for delicious thank you burger
lab team
thank you bye-bye see you thanks
delicious see you
see you bye-bye thank you wow
and they're loading us up with burger
lab rainbow sauce
burger lab socks thank you
thank you see you have a good night
thank you so much for watching guys that
was an amazing day as you know there's a
global pandemic right now so we've been
indoors the past few months and haven't
been able to
create much for you all the countries
around the world are going through this
differently
we've been on lockdown for a couple
months now and just got out and
wow that was awesome to get out to eat
and we got
more coming for you thanks for watching
guys make sure to subscribe and click
that little bell notification button as
well
so you don't miss any of these videos
thanks for watching